338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: api/compression/index.md

---
title: Compression

> excerpt: Tiger CloudAPI reference for compressing your data. Includes SQL functions for compressing and decompressing chunks, managing compression policies, and getting compression stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: TimescaleDB API reference for compressing your data. Includes SQL functions for compressing and decompressing chunks, managing compression policies, and getting compression stats
```

|2.3|Schema modifications and basic insert of new data is allowed. Deleting, updating and some advanced insert statements are not supported.|
|2.11|Deleting, updating and advanced insert statements are supported.|

In $TIMESCALE_DB 2.1&nbsp;and later, you can modify the schema of hypertables that
have compressed chunks. Specifically, you can add columns to and rename existing
columns of compressed hypertables.

> In $TIMESCALE_DBDB&nbsp;2.3 and later, you can insert data into compressed chunks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In $TIMESCALE_DB v2.3 and later, you can insert data into compressed chunks
```

and to enable compression policies on distributed hypertables.

> In $TIMESCALE_DBDB&nbsp;2.11 and later, you can update and delete compressed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In $TIMESCALE_DB v2.11 and later, you can update and delete compressed data.
```
